Update developer guide (#296)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Storage component

**API** : [`Storage.java`](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-1/tp/blob/master/src/main/java/seedu/address/storage/Storage.java)

<img src="images/StorageClassDiagram.png" width="550" />

The `Storage` component,

> * can save both address book data and user preference data in json format, and read them back into corresponding objects.

Reviewer: I think you missed this out!
```suggestion
* can save both task list data and user preference data in json format, and read them back into corresponding objects.
```

Step 5. A `SortCommand` is initialised using the `SortKey` and `SortOrder`. The `SortCommand` constructor creates a `Comparator` used for sorting the list. `SortCommand` is returned to `LogicManager` for execution.

Step 6. After `SortCommand#execute()` is called, `model#updateSortedTaskList(Comparator)` is invoked to sort the task list using the created `Comparator`. The command result is returned and displayed to the user.

#### Why it is implemented that way
The underlying `UniqueTaskList` uses an `ObservableList` and therefore it allows the application listen to changes and render according specified requirements. One such abstraction used in the initial implementation is the `FilteredList`. With the `FilteredList` the application grants the ability to filter the list using a `Predicate`. Sorting was designed to be an extension of this concept using `SortedList` abstraction where the application can sort the list by a given `Comparator` and render its output instantaneously.

#### Design considerations:
**Aspect: How the `Comparator` is created:**
* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Use Factory design pattern.

>     * Pros:

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion that you can consider if you have time! Would a possible pro be about how it promotes [loose-coupling](https://www.javatpoint.com/factory-method-design-pattern), among some other benefits such as [reuse and improving testability](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/200647/why-is-the-factory-method-design-pattern-more-useful-than-having-classes-and-cal)?

        * Easier to extend
        * Abstracts out the complexity of creating a Comparator
        * Cons:
            * Makes the code verbose
* **Alternative 2:** Create `Comparator` at the point of parsing.
    * Pros:
        * Less code needed to implement
    * Cons:
        * Leads to poor code quality `Comparator` creation becomes more complex

**Aspect: How the sorted list is stored/rendered:**
* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Use `javafx.collections.transformation.SortedList`.
    * Pros:
        * Abstracts out the details of rendering
        * Abstracts out the details behind sorting (i.e. only need to pass in the `Comparator`)
        * Cons:

>             * Difficult to preserve the ordering if tasks are added or edited

Reviewer: Would it be clearer if you explained a little more about how using the `SortedList` implementation makes it difficult to preserve ordering when conducting certain operations?

* **Alternative 2:** Sorts the tasks using a stream and repopulate the `TaskList`.
    * Pros:
        * Straightforward implementation
    * Cons:

>         * Mutability may lead to errors

Reviewer: Just a small suggestion, but maybe you can consider explaining the specific [problems](https://web.mit.edu/6.005/www/fa15/classes/09-immutability/#:~:text=Mutable%20objects%20reduce%20changeability,the%20code%20harder%20to%20change.) that comes with Mutability! i.e. [non-OOP](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/website/se-book-adapted/chapters/oop.html#what)
